Applications: nrf5340_audio: Test with nRF5340DK as sink (#24198)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`nrf53_audio_app` application.

.. rst-class:: v3-1-0 v3-1-1

> OCT-3265: Test with nRF5340DK as sink will cause the I2S signals disrupt signals on the same pins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCT-3265: Test with nRF5340DK as sink will cause the I2S to interfere with other signals on the same pins.
```

>   Using the nRF5340DK to drive an external digital-to-analgue converter via I2S will not produce audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using the nRF5340DK to drive an external digital-to-analog converter via I2S will not produce audio.
```

Author: Sorry we use American English (not that I can spell in English English!)

.. rst-class:: v3-1-0

OCT-3265: Test with nRF5340 DK as sink will cause the I2S to interfere with other signals on the same pins

>   Using the nRF5340 DK to drive an external digital-to-analog converter via I2S will not produce audio.

Reviewer 2: As per https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TECHDOC/pages/120306494/Style+and+usage+guide, we do not use Latin in the documentation. 
```suggestion
  Using the nRF5340 DK to drive an external digital-to-analog converter through I2S will not produce audio.
```

> OCT-3265: Test with nRF5340DK as sink will cause the I2S to interfere with other signals on the same pins.
>   Using the nRF5340DK to drive an external digital-to-analog converter via I2S will not produce audio.
>   This is due to the fact that the I2S signals are multiplexed with the QSPI flash signals on the nRF5340DK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OCT-3265: Test with nRF5340 DK as sink will cause the I2S to interfere with other signals on the same pins
  Using the nRF5340 DK to drive an external digital-to-analog converter via I2S will not produce audio.
  This is due to the fact that the I2S signals are multiplexed with the QSPI flash signals on the nRF5340 DK.
```
